In this video, we're going to write out a little bit more config inside of our package JSON file.
To get started, I want to find the main flag inside of here.
By default it is set to indexes.
This main path right here is defining exactly what file we import whenever we attempt to import this
overall module.
Let me give you an example.
Let's imagine that we install this module into our service.
Inside of our service, we're going to want to import some code out of common at some point in time.
So we are going to want to write out something like say import middleware or something from Srg ticketing
slash common.
The main flag inside that package, JSON file is going to say what file we tried to reach into when
we write out this import statement.
So for you and I, we want to make sure that whenever we try to import this module, we import that
index JS file inside the build directory.
So for Maine, we're going to write out a build index as.
Then very similar to that.
We're also going to add in a types setting.
This is used by TypeScript and it tells TypeScript what the main type definition file inside of our
project is.
So for you and I, it is the indexed file inside of the build directory.
So we'll write out build index dots.
One other setting inside of here.
We're going to put in files.
This file setting is going to tell PM what set of files inside of our project.
We want to make sure 100% gets included inside the final published version of our package.
So we want to make sure that we publish everything inside of this build directory.
So inside of files right here, we'll put in a string of dot slash build.
Da Star Star.
Well, that is pretty much it for a package shot chase on file.
We're not going to move on to another little piece of housekeeping right now.
If we tried to use Git to commit all the files inside of our project, that would include the node modules
and build directories.
And we usually do not commit those directories to get so different that prevent that behavior.
I'm going to create a new file inside the Common Directory.
I'm going to give it a very special name of Dot get ignore.
And then inside there I'm going to write out the build folder and node modules folders.
So again, that's just going to make sure that we do not accidentally commit those directories to get.
All right.
Well, let's now take a look at how we would somehow make a change to our project, build it and then
publish it to NPM.
Let's first begin with making a very simple change.
So how about inside of our index file?
Let's say that we want to actually make this color object available to other things inside of our project.
So maybe at the bottom we'll do an export default color.
Well, then save this.
And now we probably want to somehow publish this change up to NPM or other services can actually make
use of it.
So here's what we would do.
Usually we would go over to our terminal.
We had find our common directory.
We could do a get status to take a look at everything we have changed and add it inside there.
After reviewing all those changes, we could commit them by running a git ad dot and then actually commit
it with some kind of message.
So in this case, it'll give it a message of how about something like additional config?
After committing, I'm then going to increment the version of my package.
To do so.
We can either go over to our package JSON file and manually update the version number right there.
Or alternatively we can run some built in commands include with NPM stuff like NPM version patch.
If we run NPM version patch and PM is going to automatically open up our package JSON file and update
that little last version number right there.
So if I run an inversion patch right now, I get printed out at my terminal 1.5 and if I go back over
to the package JSON file, it says the same thing.
We always have to increment the version number any single time we make a change to our package when
we want to publish it.
Now which number right here you update comes down to versioning semantics or semantic versioning.
I'll let you do some separate research or reading on semantic versioning if you're really interested
in it.
For you and I, for the purposes of this course, we're just going to update this last version number
right here any time we make a change, even if it is a breaking change.
So we're not going to strictly follow semantic versioning or anything like that.
Once I've incremented the version number, we would then do an NP run build.
So that's going to build all of our code and then we can publish it with NPM publish.
And there we go.
That looks pretty good.
Now running all those commands.
In other words, the get at the commit, the version and the publish.
We're going to have to run those fairly frequently inside this course.
So just in the context of this course, we're going to add a little script to our package JSON file
to automate that whole process for us.
You would not normally do this in a real project whatsoever.
So what we're going to add inside of here, we would normally not run in a real project.
We are only going to add it just to make our lives inside this course a little bit easier because we
are going to have to come back over to this common module several times and make updates to it.
So let's write out a little command to just make our lives a little bit more straightforward.
I'm going to add in a new script called Pub.
Short for publish.
Any time I run this, I want to add all the changes to get.
I'm then going to commit those changes.
I'm going to put in a dash im and then an escaped set of double quotes.
And I'll give it a very generic update message like updates.
I'll then do a version patch.
I'll do a NPM run built.
And then an MP publish.
Notice that publish is not NPM run publish.
It's just NPM publish.
That's it.
Now.
What's so bad about this command?
Well, it's very simple.
We are adding all the changes into gate.
At the same time, we're giving those changes a very generic commit message, which is not good, and
we are also only ever updating the patch version number.
So these 3/1 things right here, not super ideal at all.
So we'd normally not do this in a real project.
Again, it's just to make our lives in this course a little bit easier.
Okay.
Let's save this.
I'll then go back over to my index file.
I'll make another little arbitrary change inside of here.
So how about I'll change?
Read to 20?
I'll save the file.
And then let's imagine we want to publish these changes.
So with that new script we just put together, all we do is run, NPM run like so.
That's going to commit version, build, publish all in one little command.
And after a brief pause.
Yeah.
There we go.
There's my new version of my package.
All right, so this looks good.
That is pretty much all the setup we have to do for right now inside this common module.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we're going to start to move over some of that reusable code from
our project into the common module.